RHDEVDOCS-3868 - Review RNs for OCP 4.10.z bug fix update (#44809)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

* Before this update, the tooltip for tasks in the *PipelineRun details* showed misleading information. It showed the time elapsed since the task ran, not how long they ran. For example, it showed 122 hours for a task that ran for a couple of seconds 5 days ago. With this update, the tooltip shows the duration of the task. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011368[BZ#2011368])

> * Before this update, when a secret was provided for a private repository in the *Import from Git* form, the value of the secret to fetch the private repository details was not decoded. As a result, when using the *Import from Git* form to import a private Git repository, the import type and builder image were not detected. This update resolves the issue by decoding the secret value before using it. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[BZ#2057507])

Reviewer: Not sure about the use of *Import from Git* form. I am not so sure it shouldn't just be *Git import* I'll have someone verify. I made a few suggestions based on minimalism and clarity.
```suggestion
* Before this update, import strategy detection did not occur when a secret was provided for a private Git repository. Consequently, the secrets value was not decoded before it is used. With his update, the secret value is now decoded before its use. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[BZ#2057507])
```

Author: done

* Before this update, the tooltip for tasks in the *PipelineRun details* showed misleading information. It showed the time elapsed since the task ran, not how long they ran. For example, it showed 122 hours for a task that ran for a couple of seconds 5 days ago. With this update, the tooltip shows the duration of the task. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011368[BZ#2011368])

> * Before this update, when you use the *Import from Git* form to import a private git repository, the correct import type and the builder image are not identified. This issue used to happen because the secret to fetch the private repository details is not decoded. This update resolves the issue by decoding the secret value before using it. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[BZ#2057507])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when a secret is provided for a private repository in the *Import from Git* form, the value of the secret to fetch the private repository details is not decoded before being used. As a result, when you use the *Import from Git* form to import a private Git repository, the correct import type, and the builder image are not identified. This update resolves the issue by decoding the secret value before using it. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[BZ#2057507])
```

Author: Accepting the changes. Thanks @Srivaralakshmi

> * Before this update, when a secret is provided for a private repository in the *Import from Git* form, the value of the secret to fetch the private repository details is not decoded before being used. As a result, when you use the *Import from Git* form to import a private Git repository, the correct import type, and the builder image are not identified. This update resolves the issue by decoding the secret value before using it. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[BZ#2057507])

Author: Done

* Previously, the Local Storage Operator (LSO) added an `OwnerReference` object to the persistent volumes (PV) it created, which sometimes caused an issue where a delete request for a PV could leave the PV in the `terminating` state while still attached to the pod. With this update, the LSO no longer creates an `OwnerReference` object and cluster administrators are now able to manually delete any unused PVs after a node is removed from the cluster. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2065714[*BZ#2065714*])

> * Before this update, import strategy detection did not occur when a secret was provided for a private Git repository. Consequently, the secrets value was not decoded before it was used. With his update, the secret value is now decoded before use. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[*BZ#2057507*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, import strategy detection did not occur when a secret was provided for a private Git repository. Consequently, the secrets value was not decoded before it was used. With this update, the secret value is now decoded before use. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2057507[*BZ#2057507*])
```

Author: Done
